In this lesson, I introduced you to a foundational piece of
AWS's Cloud computing platform, EC2 Instances.
You learned that an Instance is a server that you rent in the Cloud.
We also discussed how Elastic Block Store
allows you to expand the capacity of your instance.
I then showed you how to use VPC to secure your instances.
We wrapped up by discussing how lambdas give you compute power in the Cloud,
and how orchestration services like Elastic Beanstalk help you
manage the lifecycle of your applications and the services behind them.
Next, I will teach you about storage and content delivery in the Cloud.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6